README.md, before:

<h1>Welcome! My name is Julio 🙂 </h1>
<h2>I'm a Computer Science student at Oregon State University  🦫</h2>

A little more about me:

- 👨🏼‍🎓 My graduating term is Spring 2026
- 🔍 I'm currently seeking Summer 2025 internship opportuntities
- 🌱 I’m currently learning about database design, SQL, and parallel programming 
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on hackathons, open source projects, and interview practice
- 🔭 I’m currently working on building out my GitHub with academic and personal projects (see below 👇)
- 🤓 My personal interests include software and embedded engineering, space travel, data science, and artificial intelligence
- ⚡ Fun fact: prior to pursuing my dream of becoming a software engineer, I worked as a PM for companies like Apple, Discover, and HP!

You can reach me via [LinkedIn](https://linkedin.com/in/juliodiaziii) or [email](mailto:julio.diaz3rd@gmail.com), let's talk!  📬

<h2>👨‍💻 Software Development Projects:</h2>

- <b>Data Structures and Algorithms Practice (AlgoExpert)</b>
  - [Praciting DS & Algos in Python](https://github.com/joshmadakor1/Algorithms-Practice)
- <b>Full Stack Web App (React, NodeJS, Azure, and Machine Learning Components)</b>
  - [Image Analysis Middleware](https://github.com/joshmadakor1/4chan-Image-Analysis-Middleware-C964) <b><i>(Potentially NSFW)</b></i>
- <b>PowerShell</b>
  - [Windows EventLog: Failed RDP Logins Source IP to full GeoData Conversion](https://github.com/joshmadakor1/Sentinel-Lab)
  - [JWipe (Disk Wiping Utility)](https://github.com/joshmadakor1/Jwipe.PowerShell)
  - [Active Directory Bulk User Creation](https://github.com/joshmadakor1/AD_PS)
  - [FIM (File Integrity Monitor)](https://github.com/joshmadakor1/PowerShell-Integrity-FIM)
- <b>C# (.NET Desktop Applications)</b>
  - [Ransomware Proof of Concept (Encrypter)](https://github.com/joshmadakor1/EncrypterPOC)
  - [Ransomware Proof of Concept (Decrypter)](https://github.com/joshmadakor1/DecrypterPOC)
  - [Keylogger with Email Capability](https://github.com/joshmadakor1/Key-Logger-With-Email)
- <b>Python</b>
  - [Package Delivery Application (Datastructures and Algorithms Demo)](https://github.com/joshmadakor1/Package-Delivery-Pathfinding-Algorithm)



<h2>🙋‍♂️ Connect with me:</h2>

[<img align="left" alt="JoshMadakor | LinkedIn" width="22px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@v3/icons/linkedin.svg" />][linkedin]

[linkedin]: https://linkedin.com/in/juliodiaziii

<!--

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->

Commit message:

Update README.md with personal repo links

README.md, after:

<h1>Welcome! My name is Julio 🙂 </h1>
<h2>I'm a Computer Science student at Oregon State University  🦫</h2>

A little more about me:

- 👨🏼‍🎓 My graduating term is Spring 2026
- 🔍 I'm currently seeking Summer 2025 internship opportuntities
- 🌱 I’m currently learning about database design, SQL, and parallel programming 
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on hackathons, open source projects, and interview practice
- 🔭 I’m currently working on building out my GitHub with academic and personal projects (see below 👇)
- 🤓 My personal interests include software and embedded engineering, space travel, data science, and artificial intelligence
- ⚡ Fun fact: prior to pursuing my dream of becoming a software engineer, I worked as a PM for companies like Apple, Discover, and HP!

You can reach me via [LinkedIn](https://linkedin.com/in/juliodiaziii) or [email](mailto:julio.diaz3rd@gmail.com), let's talk!  📬

<h2>👨‍💻 Software Development Projects:</h2>

- <b>Creating an interactive version of Atomic Chess in Python</b>
  - [Atomic Chess](https://github.com/DevLo3/AtomicChess-python/)
- <b>Web Development Practice (via The Odin Project)</b>
  - [Landing page template](https://github.com/DevLo3/OP-landing-page)
  - [Simple recipe directory](https://github.com/DevLo3/odin-recipes)


<h2>🙋‍♂️ Connect with me:</h2>

[<img align="left" alt="JoshMadakor | LinkedIn" width="22px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@v3/icons/linkedin.svg" />][linkedin]

[linkedin]: https://linkedin.com/in/juliodiaziii

<!--

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->
